and is one of the great teams and
of the most traditional
there is a beautiful city with the fans
very large
It 's really a challenge for me.
I hope to repeat the great success and
other Brazilians in the club and I'm friends
of the news also including milestones
assumption has been able to accompany
I really hope that I hope to give
continuity of work and
the majority of Brazilians
have always been successful here in the club
and I'm sure I'll be able to
to repeat is only a half camper and very
this is what I leave at the disposal of the
mister pepe so he can decide where
where better to put myself
But for me there's no kind of
difficulty
we talked a little about how
playing on tactical structures was a
Very cool conversation, I was very happy
know that he also counts on me and that
Are you very happy for my hiring?
it's a mix a mix is ​​in brazil
solitude in disarray on stolen ball
and with the very strong arrival is the attack
I think it's my main
feature is stealing the ball and
against attack
is a very admirable player because
able to perform all these functions and
very well made and thus a medium
camper that draws my attention
roberts back to a place that never
should have left that is the main league
and arrived with the same goal and more
once this team returns to the top and
to be big again
and this is the main objective if it is already
there is some other possibilities
but I certainly played in the
largest club in Brazil a team that is
the world champion and that is very
respect for this, we have opted for
I have never come to europe but now
we think it's the right time comes
very well prepared to practice is
maybe the sale of the staff that always more
pressure worldwide
no fans like the
corinthians is as heat as
affection is to have been bete resembles
very
then this is one of the main reasons the
the heat of the crowd motivated me to
come here
but the pressure is very smooth in
relation to this